md/index.md, before:

<h6 style="display: none">FairySunny's Developer Notes</h6>

<h1 id="FSDN" style="margin-top: 0"><span style="background: linear-gradient(to right, cyan, blue); background-clip: text; -webkit-background-clip: text; color: transparent;">FSDN</span></h1>

FairySunny's Developer Notes

## Contents

### Software

- [Arch Linux](/md/software-usage/install-archlinux.md)

### Server

- [Nginx](/md/server-maintenance/nginx.md)
- [Certbot](/md/server-maintenance/certbot.md)

### Tricks

- [Windows快捷脚本](/md/tricks/windows-scripts.md)
- [获取百度文库文本](/md/tricks/wenkudown.md)
- [获取4399游戏swf](/md/tricks/4399swf.md)
- [移除CSDN“关注博主即可阅读全文”](/md/tricks/csdnshow.md)

### Web Applications

- <a href="https://fsdn.sunny.icu/" onclick="alert('害搁这原地TP呢')">FSDN</a> | [FSDN Editor](https://fsdn.sunny.icu/index.html?editor) | [📄Source](https://github.com/FairySunny/FairySunny.github.io)
- [SpaceCadetPinball](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/space-cadet-pinball-web) | [📄Source](https://github.com/FairySunny/SpaceCadetPinball) | [📦Build](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/space-cadet-pinball-web)
- [WebGL生命游戏](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/shengmingyouxi-webgl) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/shengmingyouxi-webgl)
- [NML](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/nml) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/nml)
- [Site Not Ready](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/site-not-ready) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/site-not-ready)
- [➈ Funky](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/funky) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/funky)
- [简易MC合成计算器](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/mc-calc) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/mc-calc)
- [挑战网20周年首页](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/tiaozhan-homepage) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/tiaozhan-homepage)
- [图寻风格全景图展示](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/tuxun-panorama) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/tuxun-panorama)
- [HTML Stuff](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/html-stuff/) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/html-stuff)

### Bugs

- [electron] GPU process isn't usable. Goodbye.
    - https://github.com/Automattic/simplenote-electron/issues/3096
- [ssh] expecting SSH2_MSG_KEX_ECDH_REPLY
    - https://serverfault.com/questions/1058473/unable-to-ssh-into-server
- [node.js] ERR_OSSL_EVP_UNSUPPORTED
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70582072/npm-run-fails-with-err-ossl-evp-unsupported
- [flatpak] GLX: Failed to find a suitable GLXFBConfig
    - https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher/issues/866
- [PyTorch] Could not load library libcudnn_cnn_infer.so.8.
    - https://discuss.pytorch.org/t/could-not-load-library-libcudnn-cnn-infer-so-8/175139
- [PyTorch] undefined symbol: iJIT_NotifyEvent
    - https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/123097

### Misc

- [Markdown Demo](/md/misc/markdown-test.md)

## About

<p style="text-align: center">
<br>
<img style="border-radius: 50%" src="https://foruda.gitee.com/avatar/1680592789363171979/2238128_thhh_sunny_1680592789.png">
<br><br>
<span style="font-size: 25px; font-weight: bold">FairySunny</span>
<br>
<a href="https://gitee.com/FairySunny">Gitee</a> | <a href="https://github.com/FairySunny">Github</a> | <a href="https://space.bilibili.com/269407920">Bilibili</a>
</p>

Commit message:

index.md: tips: podman (user lingering)

md/index.md, after:

<h6 style="display: none">FairySunny's Developer Notes</h6>

<h1 id="FSDN" style="margin-top: 0"><span style="background: linear-gradient(to right, cyan, blue); background-clip: text; -webkit-background-clip: text; color: transparent;">FSDN</span></h1>

FairySunny's Developer Notes

## Contents

### Software

- [Arch Linux](/md/software-usage/install-archlinux.md)

### Server

- [Nginx](/md/server-maintenance/nginx.md)
- [Certbot](/md/server-maintenance/certbot.md)

### Tricks

- [Windows快捷脚本](/md/tricks/windows-scripts.md)
- [获取百度文库文本](/md/tricks/wenkudown.md)
- [获取4399游戏swf](/md/tricks/4399swf.md)
- [移除CSDN“关注博主即可阅读全文”](/md/tricks/csdnshow.md)

### Web Applications

- <a href="https://fsdn.sunny.icu/" onclick="alert('害搁这原地TP呢')">FSDN</a> | [FSDN Editor](https://fsdn.sunny.icu/index.html?editor) | [📄Source](https://github.com/FairySunny/FairySunny.github.io)
- [SpaceCadetPinball](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/space-cadet-pinball-web) | [📄Source](https://github.com/FairySunny/SpaceCadetPinball) | [📦Build](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/space-cadet-pinball-web)
- [WebGL生命游戏](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/shengmingyouxi-webgl) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/shengmingyouxi-webgl)
- [NML](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/nml) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/nml)
- [Site Not Ready](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/site-not-ready) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/site-not-ready)
- [➈ Funky](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/funky) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/funky)
- [简易MC合成计算器](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/mc-calc) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/mc-calc)
- [挑战网20周年首页](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/tiaozhan-homepage) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/tiaozhan-homepage)
- [图寻风格全景图展示](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/tuxun-panorama) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/tuxun-panorama)
- [HTML Stuff](https://fairysunny.gitee.io/html-stuff/) | [📄Source](https://gitee.com/FairySunny/html-stuff)

### Tips

- [electron] GPU process isn't usable. Goodbye.
    - https://github.com/Automattic/simplenote-electron/issues/3096
- [ssh] expecting SSH2_MSG_KEX_ECDH_REPLY
    - https://serverfault.com/questions/1058473/unable-to-ssh-into-server
- [node.js] ERR_OSSL_EVP_UNSUPPORTED
    - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70582072/npm-run-fails-with-err-ossl-evp-unsupported
- [flatpak] GLX: Failed to find a suitable GLXFBConfig
    - https://github.com/PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher/issues/866
- [podman] The cgroupv2 manager is set to systemd but there is no systemd user session available
    - https://superuser.com/questions/1788594/podman-the-cgroupv2-manager-is-set-to-systemd-but-there-is-no-systemd-user-sess
- [PyTorch] Could not load library libcudnn_cnn_infer.so.8.
    - https://discuss.pytorch.org/t/could-not-load-library-libcudnn-cnn-infer-so-8/175139
- [PyTorch] undefined symbol: iJIT_NotifyEvent
    - https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/123097

### Misc

- [Markdown Demo](/md/misc/markdown-test.md)

## About

<p style="text-align: center">
<br>
<img style="border-radius: 50%" src="https://foruda.gitee.com/avatar/1680592789363171979/2238128_thhh_sunny_1680592789.png">
<br><br>
<span style="font-size: 25px; font-weight: bold">FairySunny</span>
<br>
<a href="https://gitee.com/FairySunny">Gitee</a> | <a href="https://github.com/FairySunny">Github</a> | <a href="https://space.bilibili.com/269407920">Bilibili</a>
</p>
